c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\RadioRss.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\RadioRss.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\RadioRss.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\Callisto.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\Callisto.pri
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.pri
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.pri
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\RadioRss.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\RadioRss.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\RadioRss.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\Callisto.pri.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.Win8.pri.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Win8.pri.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\PodCastItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\PodCastItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\PodCastItemsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\MusicPlayerControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\MusicPlayerControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\MusicPlayerControl.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\MainCategoryPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\MainCategoryPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\PodCastChannelsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\PodCastChannelsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\PodCastChannelsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\View\MainCategoryPage.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\LiveTileControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\LiveTileControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\LiveTileControl.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ChannelsListControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ChannelsListControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ItemsListControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ItemsListControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ChannelsListControl.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ItemsListControl.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\SelectBackground.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\SelectBackground.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\SelectBackground.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user2.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user2.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user3.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user3.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user4.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user4.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user2.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user3.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\user4.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\FunScreenMain.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\FunScreenMain.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\FunScreen\FunScreenMain.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\PrivacyPolicy.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\PrivacyPolicy.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\PrivacyPolicy.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ByTeam.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ByTeam.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\ByTeam.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\FunScreenSettings.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\FunScreenSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\ViewControl\FunScreenSettings.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RadioRss\RadioRss\obj\Debug\RadioRss.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
